# info1game
/*The idea behind this game is that we are the brain of a stealing opeartion, our (noob) agent is on the field stealing something from a museum/location. Since the power is off and since he can't figure out a way to get out, we're supposed to give him indications on where to get and what to do. The thief needs to get out without getting caught, only then the player wins.*/
/*Interesting things we can add: sleeping guard (gotta be silent and communicate as little as possible), maybe what the thief stole is an ice sculpture which is melting, so there's time pressure; locked doors which he has to unlock, cold rooms where the thief can cool the ice, shortcut through rooms; connection gets lost cus of the power-off, the brain needs to solve a puzzle to restore signal, you can distract guards maybe.*/


The goal of the game to do one of the biggest heists in history, You are the brains behind the operation and you have got the rob the queen of england, offcourse. You have hacked there system and have managed to put an agent in there castle. You have to give the agent instructions to avoid the gaurds and steal the Faberge egg. You cant enter a room where a gaurd is in because than you will be arrested. You can hear the gaurd if your in a room next to where he is walking, you can also try to hack the gaurds phone to see where they are. Watch out for the alarms that can go off when you have triggered the alarm you have to leave within 5 minutes otherwise the police will get you and you will go to jail. You will need extra hacking skills to hack some stuff along the way, and be a superior criminal, the stakes are high! Are you up for it? 
